Then please follow the instruction of my mother.
You have something to ask him in reading?
Oh, please do.
Hello goodluck, pawns.
What is it?
There was some good-luck.
How do you do, good luck.
Good luck you ask?
Let's see how people respond
to my call you what you sayI.
L solid,
I'm a man.
I'm a man who's not afraid of the world.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
When Ugo andformation engines come in,
boyachusetts will be blessed.
He is a servant from the express good in law.
He will see the world in his eyes
and then she will have no feelings for him.
Hey,
place it here.
all my past happiness
I won't be able to remove myself
from those estaros that have gone under.
Based on Emνα's own usage of martial arts,
I'm an old man of the shogunate general.
Translated by Releska